feat: add rule no-multiple-assertions-wait-for (#189)
testing-library/eslint-plugin-testing-library: docs/rules/no-multiple-assertions-wait-for.md

# Multiple assertions inside `waitFor` are not preferred (no-multiple-assertions-wait-for)

## Rule Details

This rule aims to ensure the correct usage of `expect` inside `waitFor`, in the way that they're intended to be used.

> When using multiples assertions inside `waitFor`, if one fails, you have to wait for timeout before see it failing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using multiples assertions inside `waitFor`, if one fails, you have to wait for a timeout before seeing it failing.
```

Putting one assertion, you can both wait for the UI to settle to the state you want to assert on,
and also fail faster if one of the assertions do end up failing

Example of **incorrect** code for this rule:

```js
const foo = async () => {
  await waitFor(() => {
    expect(a).toEqual('a');
    expect(b).toEqual('b');
  });

  // or
  await waitFor(function() {
    expect(a).toEqual('a')
    expect(b).toEqual('b');
  })
};
```

Examples of **correct** code for this rule:

```js

> const foo = async () => {

Reviewer 2: Could you add same examples from incorrect block but corrected please? You are just using correct examples with a single expect, so it would be nice if incorrect examples can be added here showing how it should be fixed.

  await waitFor(() => expect(a).toEqual('a'));

  // this rule only looks for expect
  await waitFor(() => {
    fireEvent.keyDown(input, { key: 'ArrowDown' });
    expect(b).toEqual('b');
  });

  // or
  await waitFor(() => {
    console.log('testing-library');
    expect(b).toEqual('b');
  });

  // or
  await waitFor(function() {
    expect(a).toEqual('a')
  })
};
```

## Further Reading

> - [about `waitFor`](https://testing-library.com/docs/dom-testing-library/api-async#waitfor)

Reviewer 2: Could you add here link to proper inspiration from Common mistakes post please? https://kentcdodds.com/blog/common-mistakes-with-react-testing-library#having-multiple-assertions-in-a-single-waitfor-callback
